Humans have a fascination with flying but for many who fly small aircraft
The smaller the plane
The greater the instability
Yet the tiny bumblebee is capable of flying with unmatched stability and strong winds
How to such a small creature?
I'll fly even the most experienced pilots
The bee will reduce speed when an encounter's wind turbulence
Allowing it to focus its energy on correcting its flight path
Additionally, the bee is more susceptible to flight disruption when the wind blows against it horizontally
So another key to stability is that it will roll mid-air into the force of the wind
This repositioning allows for better control as the bee can easily adjust to oncoming vertical turbulence
Understanding the bumblebee's innate control system could someday help aeronautical engineers
Designed small aircraft better suited for stable flight in adverse weather
In the meantime, scientists still have much to learn before practical application is possible
What do you think? Is the bumblebee's impressive ability to fly in turbulent weather a product of evolution?
Or was it designed?